>> Brian Holt: So you can actually do
this entire workshop totally offline,
which is useful to you as well.
Whether that's maybe sometimes
our IT guy might have an issue or
you're just not in a place
where have internet access.
In that case, we've actually made it so
the API client works 100% offline.
So I'm going to show you how to
make that work really quickly.
The first thing that you're gonna
wanna run is this command right here,
npm install-D cross-env.
This is to make sure that environmental
variables were consistently across Linux,
and Mac, and Window, so
go ahead and do that.
Go to your command line.
Go to your projects,
which we called ours adopt me,
and do npm install-D cross-env.
>> Brian Holt: Okay,
once you have that tool installed,
then I want you to put this
inside of your package.json.
"dev:mock": cross-env PET_MOCK=mock.
This is the signal for
the API to go ahead and use the mock data.
And then do npm run dev.
And this will just do the same command but
it'll run it in a different environment.
And that's all that's going to do for you.
So I'm just going to copy and paste this
>> Brian Holt: Into my package.json.
So I actually have it already here but
I'll just show you this is where it is.
And I'll just put that in there.
>> Brian Holt: Now,
if I say npm run dev:mock,
everything will work exactly the same.
>> Brian Holt: Except all
the data will be mocked,
which means it will never hit the API.
So if I go here to this,
refresh the page, and
there you can see I have nonsensical data,
right?
Now, this is just returning
to you random data.
The good news is that it is deterministic
in the sense that if I go to,
notice that this second one
here is called Jewelery.
And if I go to Cat,
it will give me a different set of breeds.
But if I go back to dog,
>> Brian Holt: It gives
me the same set of data as well, so it's
dependably the same list of random things.
So if you had the same problem that I did,
which is that it wasn't building in a mock
mode, just do remove, or rather,
what you want to do is you just
want to delete the cache and
dist directories because sometimes
parse gets in a strange state.
So if you just highlight those two and
say delete, and
then rerun dev: mock,
everything should build correctly.